How'd it go? Is she gone for good?
No.
She's actually become the Project Leader.
And your boyfriend's taken up to celebrate.
What the hell?
Just the two of them?
Or are we going to kill that bitch?
Don't resort to murder.
Just yet.
I have another idea.
We have arrived.
You sure were in the right place?
I don't see many restaurants.
This is my favorite restaurant.
Sorry, I didn't realize you meant something so...
Don't you worry.
Excuse me.
These are the best tacos in LA.
You may have dined with royalty, but you've never had these.
Every time something happy would happen, my mom would bring me here.
No way.
Is it your first time having a taco?
I suppose today was my first time.
Well, then there's a first time for everything in your race.
Let's go.
My lady?